[THEME MUSIC]
>> When I was 12 years old, my
guides told me in seven days,
I would start to
remember other lives.
The first memory I
had, I was living
in a major colony named Khem.
Around 2,000 years after
the Atlantean empire
began crumbling.
This colony was
built around a plan
we called Ater Tumti, which
means bring heaven on Earth.
The main goal of
Khem was to create
a society built around an
ancient path along the Nile
River.
My name was Shiw.
And I completed the
initiative path.
Experiencing the most
intense challenges
to test every cell of my body.
A series of 33 tests
to transcend the limits
of the third dimension.
This test was to prepare
you to become a key
to open and raise the harmonic
frequency of the planet Earth.
To becoming an Idilien,
which means those
who are the elements of nature.
In this season, we
will dive deeper
into Atlantean technology.
Discover the origins of
the gods and goddesses
from ancient Egypt.
Follow the path of initiation
through my memories of it.
And reveal how Khem
became one of the mother
civilizations of the planet.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.